CM-432: [MVP] -  Adjust LiveConnect To Respect The gdprApplies Flag (#64)
LiveIntent/live-connect: CONFIGURATION_OPTIONS.md

```
By setting this flag, LiveConnect will never write anything into any storage, but will still attempt to read from it.

> There's also an option for the module to never create any first & third party identifiers, and that can be achieved by setting this parameter as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's also an option for the module to never read or create any first & third party identifiers. That can be achieved by setting this parameter as follows:
```

> There's also an option for the module to never create any first & third party identifiers and this wi, and that can be achieved by setting this parameter as follows:

Reviewer: Looks like part of the sentence got lost.

```javascript
{
  storageStrategy: 'disabled'
}
```

> This flag is internally set when the `config.gdprApplies` is true, LiveConnect will never write anything into any storage, but will still attempt to read from it.

Reviewer: The idea of `disabled` strategy is to also not read anything.
